Implement Tenant Aware Metadata Topics (#735)
streamnative/kop: docs/security.md

    Property | Description | Example value
    |---|---|---

>     `username` | `username` of Kafka JAAS is the `tenant/namespace` or only `tenant`, where Kafka’s topics are stored in Pulsar. <br><br> **Note** In KoP 2.9.0 or above, the username can be used with `kafkaEnableMultitenantMetadata` to implement multi tenancy for metadata. | empty string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `username` | The `username` of Kafka JAAS is `tenant/namespace` or `tenant`, where Kafka’s topics are stored in Pulsar. <br><br> **Note** In KoP 2.9.0 or higher, the username can be used with `kafkaEnableMultitenantMetadata` to implement multi-tenancy for metadata. | empty string
```

Author: done, thanks
